feat: adds cms-payload starter (#695)
vercel/examples: starter/cms-payload/README.md

---
name: Payload with Next.js Starter
slug: cms-payload
description: Next.js app with Payload, all in one repo.
framework: Next.js
useCase:
  - Starter
css: CSS Modules
deployUrl: https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/starter/cms-payload&project-name=cms-payload&repository-name=cms-payload

> demoUrl: https://cms-payload.vercel.app

Reviewer: 404

> relatedTemplates:

Reviewer: I believe this is required, could we add some? Maybe just the Next.js boilerplate starter.

---

# Next + Payload Serverless Demo

> This example shows how to utilize `@payloadcms/next-payload` to deploy Payload serverlessly, in the same repo alongside of a NextJS app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to utilize `@payloadcms/next-payload` to deploy Payload serverless, in the same repo alongside of a Next.js app.
```

## Demo

https://cms-payload.vercel.app

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/starter/cms-payload&project-name=cms-payload&repository-name=cms-payload)

Reviewer: Does this work without providing env vars?

Author: Only `MONGODB_URI` and `PAYLOAD_SECRET` are required - I updated the `.env.example` file to clarify.
